STRATEGY========Our Company-----------Mid-century Online connects lovers of mid-century modern with the most outstanding mid-century modern furniture and lighting. 1. Situation============Where are we now?Quick Overview-------------SalesCustomersMembersLeadsTrafficConversionOur Advantage-------------What is your competitive advantage?Mid-century Online has the most outanding products, buying experience, website, mobile app, communication,service and customers. Our Brand--------Brand Personality - description of the context, qualities, and associations you want target customers to build into their perception of the brand. (The "soft" side of the brand, but the one which ensures affinity to the target market).Voice - general description of how the brand "speaks" to the marketplace. For example, is it people-oriented and friendly, or authoritative and corporate. Is it sophisticated or worldly?How can we demonstrate street cred and trust?Value Proposition-----------------A promise of value to be delivered and experienced. How can we provide differencial value by optimising our mix of products, place, price and promotion. Include product features and benefits.Mid-century Online will personally find, deliver and install the most outstanding mid-century furniture and lighting inside your home or office. ### ProductHow can we add value to our product offering with additional content, services and offerings?### PriceHow will changes in prices affect sales### PlaceWhat are our online and offline distribution challenges and how can they be overcome?Should we create marketplaces or intermediary portals or partner with existing ones?### Promotions What are the opportunities for promotions and how will they affect sales?Positioning-----------How do we position ourselves in the mind of the customers?How do we reinforce our value proposition?How do we prove our credability. What are our key messages for each customer segment? * Prospects* Leads* Customers* SegmentsSWOT----* Strengths - Powerful website, oustanding products and product knowledge, beautiful photos, influencial customers, amazing content, great reputation.  * Weakinesses - Too small to sell globally* Opportunities - Campaigns that convert high volumense of targeted, cheap traffic* Threats - CompetitorsOur Customers----------------* Who are our customers? * What are the passions, characteristics, behaviour and needs of customers in each segment?* How many customers are in the market?* Who are our ideal customers?* What are their personas?* What is their searching, browsing and selection behaviour?* What are their unmet needs?* Who are the most profitable and potentiall profitable customers?### Segments* Interior Designers who love mid-century modern* Collectors who love mid-century modern Number of customers* Designers * CollectorsNumber of Leads* Designers* CollectorsEnvoronment Analysis--------------What is around us?Total Market Valuation-----------------What is the size of the market in terms of annual sales, products sold and number of customers.Key Segments------------By GeographyBy Customer GroupIntermediaries---------------Where do our customers spend their time? Find out how many potential customers for each media property?* Search Engines* Advertising Networks* Social MediaTrends------* Where is the market moving? * How is technology disrupting the your market? * What will the market be like in 5 years?* What are we doing to leverage this change?Competitor Analysis-----------------Who are our compeitiors?What's driving most of their success### IstDibbsNameURLWebsiteRankEstimated SalesNumber of ProductsNumber of staff and their functionsWho are their personas?Target marketBest campaignsHow are they better or worse?Benchmark Success-------How do we measure success?Key Performance Indicators* Revenue - sales* Customer acquisition cost = marketing spend / number of new customers * Orders = number of sales * Average order value = revenue / orders * Revenue per visit = revenue / number of visits * Sales conversion rate = visitors / orders * Leads = the number of inquiries by email, telephone, live chat etc. * Cost per lead = marketing spend / number of leads * Engagement rate = percentage of visitors who look at a product * Total carts = the number of people who add a product to a cart * Abandoned carts = the number of people who add a product to a cart and leave without buying * Abandonment rate = the percentage of shopping carts that are abandoned * Registration = the number of users that create accounts on your website * Cost per registered user = marketing spend / number of new accounts * Newsletter subscription rate = visitors / number of people who subscribe to your newsletter * Social sharing rate = page views / number of times the page is shared (e.g. on Facebook, Twitter, Google +, Pinterest etc.)?¥ Comments Ð the number of comments on a blog post or web page?¥ Bounce rate Ð the percentage of visitors who leave your website after looking at one page only* Exit rates = the percentage of visitors who leave your website from a specific pageKPIs can be analyzed from a number of perspectives including ...* Source = where the visitors came from e.g. which source of traffic search engine, pay per click, advertising or email resulted in the highest registration rate?¥ Keyword Ð what keyword was searched for e.g. which organic and paid keywords result in the highest average order value* Campaign = what marketing campaign was used to attract visitors e.g. which campaigns had the lowest customer acquisition costs* Ad = what advertisements were used to source visitors e.g. which pay per click ads had the highest bounce rates * New versus returning Ð what visitors already visited your website e.g. did new or returning visitors have the highest sales conversion rates * Pages = the pages on your website e.g. which pages had the highest exit ratesSpreadsheets-------------AcquisitionConversion### RankingPerformance----------How can we improve?What is working and how can we leverage that success?What isn't working and how can we fix it?TrackingUsability Testing/Myster ShopperSurveysReportingVision ==========Where we going?To become largest source of Mid-century Modern products in the world. or To become the leading autority on mid-century modern in the world.Strategy===========How will we get there?How do other people get there?* Competitor Analysis* Media AnalysisOverview--------Our strategy is simple - automate incremental increases to customer profitability (life-time value), website conversion rates (traffic to leads and sales) and traffic a little every day. Objectives-----------### Increase Profitability### Increse Conversion### Increase TrafficShort Term Goal - This Month---------------* Sell X Products* Get X Traffic* Convert X% Leads* Convert X% of Traffic to Sales* Get X Leads* Get X Sales* Get X Customer Actisition CostMedium Term Goals - This Year---------------Targeting--------DemographicBehaviour basedContent StrategyConversion StrategyRetention StrategyTactics=======Exactly how will we get there?* Upsell* Newsletter* Remarketing* Telephone Sales* Furniture acquisition* Coupons / loyalty programmeIncrease Sales---------------* Remarketing* Abandoned carts email * Video* Split testingIncrease Leads---------------Email* Upgrade templates* Write newsletter* Send newsletterIncrease Traffic----------------* Organic search * SEO* Onsite SEO* Rich Snippets* Google Author * Page analysisPPC* Upgrade campaigns* Check ads * Switch onSocial* FB* Google +* Twitter* PinterestActions=======What do we have do?When will we do it? 1 campaign every daySee todo listSegmentation TargetingCommunication Strategy-----------------------RemarketingEvent Triggered EmailCampaignsNewsletter CollectorsInterior DesignersPrivate SiteAccount signup RemarketingImprovementsTestimonialsAt bottomMove to bottomSocial proof…TestsTest 1. ButtonsWhatAdd to cart and newsletter subscribe buttonsVariables (Red, Green, Orange) With or without play buttonMetricsViews to clicksTest 2. Account Signup FormWhat: Popup VariablesHeadlines, call to actions, pictures, form fields, layoutMetricsNumber of signups Subscription rateTest 3. Account Signup AdWhat: Ad to replace the view prices buttonVariablesPlacement, Headline, Graphics, Call to ActionMetricsViews to ClicksSubscription ratee.g.  Test 4. Front Page LengthWhat: Test length of the front page VariablesFeatured products or notMetricsBounce Rate Test 5. Front Page SignupWhatTest a Groupon style signup form VariablesHeadline, graphics, call to actionMetricsBounce rateSignup rate